today on the show we are following the
home buying decision of recently
newlyweds Douglas and Cynthia hopefully
we're gonna find the perfect home I'm
going to show them through three
ultra-modern new construction homes in
Hollywood they've just moved from
Atlanta and want to live among the glitz
and glam of Hollywood so this is a
minimalist architecture absolutely and
she's a modern girl not as thrilled
about this backyard patio as much as the
other one they're about to make the
biggest decision of their married lives
I think we have a decision
[Music]
hello everyone and welcome to our show
we're in West Hollywood today where
we'll be meeting a beautiful couple from
Atlanta hey guys hi we're on our way our
big move to Los Angeles Beverly here we
are heading your way we can't wait to
see a little later he wants a house
that's more traditional she wants a home
that's more modern let's see how this
goes
[Music]
I want to see my dream house I'm so
excited this move has been such a big
move in the planning I want to find a
house and I know that as soon as I walk
in I'm gonna say I love it it's mine I
wouldn't live in Hollywood because
that's where the action is it's the
lifestyle that I love I mean there's so
much in LA to do and this is where the
business is and this is where this is
yeah the important thing here we go
we're gonna see three houses all modern
with different looks this is the first
one which is a very open concept in a
great area it's an amazing flow in and
out
Douglas is looking for a great home for
smart systems already installed in the
home
Creston systems and they command
everything in the house from climate
music I think they were a walk-in
they're gonna say wow it's just an
amazing amazing space
hi how are you hi how are you I'm so
excited to show you the houses today
we're in the heart of West Hollywood
we're gonna see three amazing homes all
modern well we're really working on the
whole modern thing she likes the modern
big stuff and so I'm more of a kind of a
traditional kind of guy and I love clean
lines flat surfaces I like it where
everything is straight and linear and
also an open floor plan
big kitchen has to have a big kitchen
with a big center because we entertain a
lot today this is the first house we're
seeing so let's enter on in and see what
you think
perfect okay before we enter I just want
to give you a little information on what
we're seeing today we're gonna see a
four bedrooms five bathrooms 3300 square
foot modern home smart technology
beautiful kitchen beautiful pool I'll
let you guys walk into first and get
your reaction oh my gosh I love the tall
ceilings when you walk through the door
you get income
feel in your home and then you got what
do you see there you know all the way
it's really what do you see
[Applause]
you've got an inviting main floor area
so I like that it's so he's like that
whole the stairway what size is this
room I would say this is probably a
little bit smaller than a formal dining
room but they've got the Fleetwood doors
which are beautiful because it allows
for this indoor/outdoor feel well could
you see our furniture the dining room
table and oh we're getting new furniture
this beautiful flow here to your living
space look at that fireplace ah yeah
that's really neat for you one of the
most interesting welcome to mine you've
got top-of-the-line appliances it's
lovely and I love the clean lines yeah
this is really modern are those sliding
walls these are again Fleetwood's in
their pocket doors they're pocketed into
the actual wall pocket doors actually
was one of my must-haves okay I love the
punt returners so what do you guys think
of this foray into the outdoor space
absolutely this is my draining here what
we have is a edgeless pool as you can
see in the new jacuzzi and you have an
outdoor sitting area with again a
fireplace here Wow very nice
I might have to admit I do like the
whole open because I mean it really is
open the fake grass is a challenge for
me I feel like I'm walking on astroturf
why don't we walk through the house and
I'll show you some of the elements that
you're looking for so here's the first
office which more
main level nice this is gonna be my
office so do you want to check out the
master absolutely so upstairs we have
all the bedrooms you've got beautiful
skylights above us bring a lot of the
natural light into the home here's your
master bedroom not here's the real about
looking out its father yeah with the
gravel in it me it's a beautiful house
it's an it's modern so I'm still trying
to kind of get over that whole kind of
modern sense it seems like because of
all the wires and that flat top with the
gravel I'm not so thrilled about that
okay so here's your master bathroom this
great soaking tub yeah definitely a lot
of room for your shoes in here I like
the house I think it has a lot of great
qualities with it look see that it has
natural light coming through it here too
so that saves on electricity I mean for
everything that I need it's fantastic I
love everything on my wish list is taken
care of okay so we wanted to get a house
that was gonna be modern
there's not clean lines that was gonna
have a gorgeous kitchen office space the
swimming pool I love the pocket doors
you're gonna have this beautiful moment
I can't keep getting distracted by this
[Music]
this is actually one of the reasons the
main reason why we moved to LA because
this is la Hollywood Beverly Hills it's
the lifestyle of bling I'm vice
president of a bra strap company we make
decorative bra straps so women don't
have to have the bra straps hanging out
where it's embarrassing instead we make
bra straps that look like part of your
style yeah and we actually make them
also in real diamonds $60,000 for the
real diamond bra straps yeah so this way
you actually want your bra straps to
show and it's been extremely successful
a lot more successful than we planned on
it it brings bling to women and the
women in LA love it yeah you didn't go
to do really well here with that so what
do you think that's me prices here I
would say 4 4 million you're looking at
an asking price of 3.8 ok so my sternum
that we thought
you can certainly see the architect and
the Builder did a great job we're just
not quite there yet but excited to see
what what's coming ahead all right let's
see the other two houses perfect let's
go I can't picture anything better than
this so far we have two more luxury
homes to see on this Hollywood house
time welcome to home number two although
the next house is more modern it has
more traditional feel to it which should
be more akin to Douglass's taste the one
thing I'm really missing is my fake
grass out here and coming up we see a
home that is ultra minimal we are
following the buying decision of
recently newlyweds Douglas and Cynthia
they've just moved from Atlanta and are
moving to the glitz and glam of
Hollywood this is really modern Doug
seems to be okay with the modern style
of it I'm not so thrilled about that
okay although they both weren't too keen
on the utility cables outside the master
bedroom we have two more luxury homes to
see on this Hollywood house hunt
although the next house is more modern
it has more traditional feel to it which
should be more attend to Douglass's
taste
we have here about 3,900 square feet of
living space and enough four bedrooms
and four and a half bathrooms and also
this has a bigger kitchen and you have
amazing pool and spa so I think that
Cynthia and Doug will find this house
great for entertaining
he really holds a lot of people so in
and out flowing I think they're gonna
find it really attractive so we're at
Edinburg now the second property
this one's 3,900 square feet similar
layout but I think you'll find this has
more of a relative homey feel are you
guys ready to see home number two
absolutely all right so welcome to home
number two
[Music]
this it's like for whitey so this is
definitely much more yeah it feels a lot
more open you know comparing here this
is more warmer it's just more inviting I
guess that's just yeah I can't shake
that feeling of slight commercial from
the last one I can see that and that's
why I wanted to show you this I love the
openness of this house this one is a lot
nicer because it's brighter you have
more warmth to drawing you in because of
the materials that are used here you
still have this open floor plan and you
have the clean lines which you love and
you wanted a kitchen so you know what I
love is not only is it open but I love
this CD and it makes it great for
entertaining
this is all Italian cabinetry so it's
one touch which is really nice but you
can have this massive scale counter area
island so it's really fantastic for you
to be on a great stage for cooking and
entertaining right you're gonna really
have to step up the cooking game you're
gonna need to not talk man's League mean
I love the clean lines I love the white
now where's the refrigerator yeah it
it's crushed built it customized into
the cabinetry all the stuff you can put
it on I need
doors these doors they have been more of
like a push ammo so it gives you this
nice open indoor/outdoor so dual side of
the fireplace so you've got your dining
room and your living room that shares
this really nice wall dual sided which
is nice then you've got again an open
run you get outdoors let's see if you
like the pool here's our pool a little
bit different than the last one we saw
not as thrilled about this backyard
patio as much as the other one I'm
missing the greenest oh me yes your
garden my garden you turn it into
succulent garden I think that's what you
should work my drought resistant
backyard in this one not as nice as the
other one I think because the other one
has such a more appeal if it seemed like
an extension of the house and there's no
fake grass
I like this interior design much better
than the other one but I'd like the
other backyard patio as opposed to this
one because we do entertain a lot
the one thing I'm really missing is my
fake grass out here so we could put a
little patch over there okay what about
is this a smart house
that's gonna be a challenge because
that's one thing that we've always we
both are from technology backgrounds and
so we just love to have it all
integrated ready to go
yeah we did have our mind set on
something from Katie okay so if it's not
very smart right now then it's dumb
then it's dumb well let's go see
upstairs this is beautiful I love that's
terrific
I'm not sure that's a beautiful looking
a little further beautiful but still I
like the view I know he's not just
thrilled about the view but it's a
beautiful sitting area no there's your
master this is beautiful yes I love ya
this is terrific
this is beautiful Wow nice mix up my job
how many people can fit in this shower
party so this shower was the best part
of that had the guest home great fun to
the party shot a party so yeah baby
bringing Atlanta to LA secret
and here's your walk-in closet whoo this
is big this is nice it's like that the
best of both worlds where it has the
traditional that you love and the modern
that I love so this is a good
combination of both so let's talk about
office space because we didn't really
see a designated area for that would
this work possibly or would you want to
keep this as your landing okay okay so
maybe one of the bedrooms let's go
downstairs and recap this property and
talk about price how does that sound
sure very similar style but you have
more square footage in this property
we're missing an office there are some
things about the exterior space that you
weren't too happy with so is this still
in your shortlist in terms of I mean I
think just it just feels so much more
open when you walk in kind of like which
is the lesser of the two evils because
the other one had the great backyard
which I loved and this one has more of
the interior the other one had the smart
house with the great backyard this has a
much more home feel to it yeah it's like
I remember how I said I wanted to get a
certain feeling when I walked into a
home this house has that feeling I agree
with you so since you're feeling it
let's talk about price what do you think
the asking price is it's a bigger square
foot maybe 4.1 4.2 something like that I
would guess 37 okay
the asking price ready roll 2.9 okay we
are price was not really in our range we
love the price yeah well we have one
more to see you guys ready to go
we have one more luxury home to see on
this Hollywood house hunt
this one is ultra-modern this is a
minimalist architecture absolutely this
home may be just too much for Douglass's
traditional taste is the closet big
enough
pick it up for me okay we're following
the home buying decision of recent
newlyweds Douglas and Cynthia she likes
the modern big stuff and so I'm more of
a kind of a traditional kind of guy
they've seen two houses they both
weren't too excited about the utility
cables outside the master bedroom of the
first house not as thrilled about this
backyard patio and the second one had a
backyard that was a little too plain we
are now at our third home which is
ultra-modern
Doug and Cynthia wanna eco-friendly home
this property might be the one
it really checks all the boxes it's so
far from being a cookie cutter house
we've got six solar panels on the
rooftop fully automated smart home
Crestron system top-of-the-line you get
this beautiful backyard with outside
entertaining spaces this is actually
Beverly Hills adjacent to houses down
we've got Beverly Hills I mean what else
could you want so we're at house number
three which is still in the same
vicinity of West Hollywood but work
Beverly Hills adjacent here so you're a
little closer to Beverly Hills this
house and again four bedrooms five
bathrooms nice big kitchen so we're
gonna go behind this very disguised door
and see what you think of house number
three so come on in
oh my gosh nice
long stairway to heaven this is nice
look at that that's really cool a lot of
these modern homes create this moat
style exterior so that has that calming
effect you've got the kitchen here which
love it you got to give it a test run
yeah I've never seen a kitchen in front
of that but actually yeah this is great
but used to have your white cabinets
then you have all the integrated stuff
over here the refrigerator I think it's
probably here I bet let's check it out
see now you're a pro a Thermidor all
right next row so you've got a formal
dining area here with the nice Fleetwood
doors they're not pocket doors but they
are sliding's they're very large
expensive glass openings that allow you
to still have that indoor/outdoor access
and you have the privacy with the
landscaping so this is a minimalist
architecture absolutely you'll be happy
to know that it is on a Crestron system
it's a smart house check they're smart
house here it's got this intimate space
where it's part of your living space so
here we go into the outdoor space which
is always sort of part of your home here
you do have the rule so what are your
thoughts here on the pool perfect yeah
that's really nice natural grass there
we have a nice bar over there kind of
set up tick that in the box right how's
the energy efficiency because you know
the eco is big you've got solar panels
this has that so let's go see the master
absolutely
[Music]
so we're entering the second floor here
up these beautiful stairs I'm not
thrilled about all this okay here's your
master wow this is terrific air
circulation whoa nice ceilings you've
got a balcony that overlooks your pool
area wow this is high enough but look at
this is good that's right yeah and you
can come out on your balcony and look
down this is where you can be king of
the world leading through this hallway
is your master bathroom it's also very
light and white very spa-like terrific
look at the finish on the walls it looks
like is that sleep yeah carries like a
corrugated tile design tile which is
pretty this is really maybe all this
room I mean this is great
this is nice and here's your walk-in
closet Wow yeah is the closet big enough
for the both of you big enough for me
okay we should look at the other to see
if we need to make a closet out of one
of the other rooms so we've got three
more bedrooms near the master this is
one of the ones that you can make an
office or you can use one of the other
bedrooms down the hall you have a
balcony out there as well okay so let's
go back downstairs okay we're at the end
of our tour here I'd love to know what
you think on square footage do you think
this is smaller bigger than what you've
seen it's it feels bigger mm-hmm
it feels again it's open and so this
house is 3,600 square feet so it's right
in between the other two that we saw but
they all had four bedrooms five
bathrooms and they kind of check the
list for you on each of the homes right
right what do you think the asking price
is here
this was more I'm gonna say four okay
mm-hmm I shot a little high last time so
I'm thinking it's probably about three
point four three point five in that
range you're about right three point
five nine there you go so I'd love for
you guys to kind of take some time to
sit down and talk about which house is
right for you and when we come back I'd
love to know what your decision is
because we have really good offer today
okay so when we come back it's crunch
time
they've seen all three houses and now
it's time to make that big decision what
do you think about the first house love
the first house had great design
qualities to it the backyard was great
second one I love the color I love the
openness to it kitchen was beautiful we
could make it into a smart house but I
think for the amount it would cost us to
do right would be worth it you know the
third house is got a lot of things that
are terrific it has a couple couple
things that are challenging yeah I think
we have a decision
okay guys you kept me waiting for so
long I'm so excited to hear your
decision but I'd love to kind of revisit
what we saw today so the first property
we saw was about 3,300 Square feet
modern had an open floor plan and was
asking 3.8 the second house that we saw
was about 3,300 Square feet
and that was also a modern-style and hit
a lot of the amenities that you like a
little more homey upon entry had a
warmer feel when you walked in and that
was a 2.8 asking price
the third house which we walked into was
also a modern that had the moat with a
lot of the glass and the indoor outdoor
entertainment area and had a great
master and that was asking 3.5 so
drumroll please drumroll were excited
what is your decision
[Music]
so you probably envision yourselves with
your life in the house ability so what
do you think I mean you're already moved
in what what is it that you're seeing in
that house that made you choose that
house I fell in love with the house
right when you open it up I really did
it screamed this is home and that was
the feeling I was looking for love the
kitchen party centers around the kitchen
right and it migrates right into the
indoor/outdoor living area
well for me it was just just the whole
idea of being able to get out
come come through and get out in the
area that I could just have a great time
with some of my pals that come over and
entertain and just the open area that
just kind of pulled me back there and
it's like okay this is terrific you know
the fact that we've got the house is all
ready to go with technology the turnkey
across all the fronts and it's
perfect decision I see the light in your
eyes I'm so happy for you my hands are
hot we got to write the offer absolutely
I go do that for you congratulations